hey guys I'm on the realm of Percy
Jackson and I'm here to give you guys
moment W on the servant Ralph
Shep okay so when you join the server
you'll see this you'll spawn the flowing
island matey's and then you're gonna
want to walk on this amazing bridge I
hear a lot of players ask me where the
hell to go but there's one way trust me
I've seen worse jump off the bridge
it's terrible valve I'm trying to make a
video here please be so at that cow kill
you kill you okay so this is a roleplay
server of course what we're really known
for is the community I enjoy coming out
and just chatting and yeah there is game
play but we're still developing it
there's custom items like every every
class or demigod whatever you are you
got a custom set of stuff so then here
you get to choose whether you want to be
Greek or Roman the Romans aren't
released yet that's the thing still in
progress in valve I'm sorry but I'm
gonna have to send you home little buddy
goodbye okay so jump on here
well then you appear here welcome here
you have to choose your godly parent
beside in Hades and suits our donation
ranks and yes you only get one time to
choose one but to be honest I will be
nice and if you pick something that you
don't like at all and that's like within
24 hours yeah I'd be willing to let you
change and yeah we have custom kids
right there so I would you know what I'm
not gonna go for Aphrodite because I did
that at last video what I also should
like that too
keone so then you spawn here in the big
house
it's when you're gonna want to do slash
kit then your godly parents name so for
me get keone Kenny's sword snowballs ice
pick and get half a t-shirt put that on
orange you have mushroom on my back oh
yeah don't mess with me I've got more
balls in you hey hey that's not so weird
and this is the niches board we'd put
regular updates on here you don't want
to mess anything just come here and read
yeah totally cool we do have a little
bit of minigames but that's not a
priority there's mob arena which I can
show you on different video it's right
now I'll show you this arena a lot of
players coming here to prove how bad
they are PvP yeah so just walk here I
don't even know like how to get around
here my orientation skills is terrible
on the server how do you you know what
them hey hey yeah let me in just put you
back here he's Steven what is that like
a withered dummy that's cool how do I
get down down my god where's it you know
what I give up top
what is up with the water hey square not
cool not cool
we you right oh my gosh are you kidding
me there's more water you know what
whoever making that I'm gonna give them
a warning my classic one
you'd eat their firstborn babies yes I
knew yeah what died no I'm sorry this
line don't stock me I suffer for
paranoia no social anxiety kidding no
easy-to-eat me he's gonna eat me get
your freaking slanging face away from me
okay okay this is the hair cabin Zeus
cabin this is my cabin everyone calls me
seats on the owner but I'm not sure why
so I just go along with it then this is
where you sleep and people are stalking
me
stop
so this is where all the katas are
obviously morose got doom at the lake we
have lots of parties here
have you ever seen such a party let's
see fun mob bad day yeah check that out
let me just show you well Flying Pig I
just made it happen it's an innovation
got a problem
have you never seen a flying pig before
okay then okay this is where all the
role plays happen I'm just gonna rush
this for wild to that is updated boom
this is the new war wilds yeah we didn't
reset it all the builds in there you
could still access it by doing flash
warp wilds do we just put the location
here so it's more clean you can walk
across here which there are some shops
if you need stiff
like this
it's down pickaxe yeah these items
aren't amazing okay look at that
$3,000 for diamond pick uh-huh we-well
look at the chat you follow the owner
and you get flank pigs of course that's
nothing that's nothing okay
but since the other way you if you're
lazy you don't want to take a walk a
nice long walk across this nice little
Valley you could just come here
amazing mineshaft okay then you're off
into warzone you walk a bit and then you
get wild so yeah I hope you guys enjoy
the video and if you like it I peas in
the description peace